{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\tx9082\pardirnatural

\f0\fs22 \cf0 	1.	Common								\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\tx9082\pardirnatural
\cf0 		ii. 	check for network where required
\f1\b \
		
\f0\b0 iii.	incorporate bugsense reporting where required\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\tx9082\pardirnatural
\cf0 		
\f1\b vi.	splash screen\
		
\f0\b0 \strike \strikec0 vii.	retina display support
\f1\b \strike0\striked0 \
		viii.	error handling
\f0\b0 \
\
	2.	Carparks\
	\strike \strikec0 	i.	highlight row on click\
		ii.	replace detail icon\strike0\striked0 \
		\strike \strikec0 iii.	directions option on map view			\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\tx9082\pardirnatural
\cf0 \strikec0 		iv.	load directions in webview\strike0\striked0 \
		v.	add/remove favourites from popup	\
		vi.	rename "How to get there"\
		vii.	add "Approach" title\
		viii.	add Directions button\
		ix.	add Last Updated to details\
		\strike \strikec0 x.	get current location\strike0\striked0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\tx9082\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
 	3. 	Disabled Parking\
		
\f1\b i.	directions option on map view		
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\tx9082\pardirnatural

\f1\b \cf0 		
\f0\b0 ii.	save favourites\
		i.	highlight row on click\
		ii.	replace detail icon\

\f1\b 		
\f0\b0 iv.	load directions in webview\
		x.	get current location\
 \
	4.	Traffic Cameras\
		
\f1\b iii.	directions option on map view		\
		
\f0\b0 iv.	load directions in webview\

\f1\b 		
\f0\b0 iv.	save favourites\
	\
	5.	Map View
\f1\b \
		ii.	 different overlay pointers
\f0\b0 \
		iii.	 
\f1\b directions option on map view				i.	save favourites
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b \
	
\f0\b0 6.	More\strike \strikec0 \
		\strike0\striked0 v.	 load twitter in external window??\
		
\f1\b vi.	 last updated in core data
\f0\b0 \strike \strikec0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\tx9082\pardirnatural
\cf0 \strike0\striked0 \
	7.	Cleanup\
		i.	comments & remove commented out code\
		
\f1\b iii. 	check connections\
		iv.	how to respond to low memory warnings\
		
\f0\b0 v.	 file headers to show DublinCityParking\
		vi.	 run instrumentation\
		
\f1\b vii.	 move to correct branch for submission\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\tx9082\pardirnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 \strike \strikec0 	8.	Bugs\
		i.	failed to get your location\strike0\striked0 \CocoaLigature0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\tx9082\pardeftab529\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
  }